# Behind the Curtain

*Behind the Curtain* is a Dungeons & Dragons, 5th Edition campaign set in the Kingdom of Calzorne, a homebrewed setting. The campaign will play out in biweekly, in-person sessions from January through March 2019, tentatively switching to weekly sessions from April through June of the same year.  Characters will begin at 1st-level and players can expect their characters to attain 8th to 9th level by the end of the campaign.

*Behind the Curtain* will use the core Dungeons & Dragons, 5th Edition rules found in the Player’s Handbook, Dungeon Master’s Guide, and Monster Manual, with additions from other sources, such as Xanathar's Guide to Everything, and a large amount of custom game elements such as monsters and magical items designed specifically for the campaign. Players will create their characters by choosing from any of the published classes, races, and backgrounds.   Some monstrous races From Volo's Guide to Monsters are permitted as player races, but may require modifications for balance.  Custom class archetypes (subclasses) can be homebrewed to match a character concept, at the DM's discretion.  Custom backgrounds are highly encouraged.

If the players unanimously agree to this pitch, they will be provided with a source material and more background information about the world, to create their characters.  Stats will be rolled first.  Then the players and DM will discuss character concepts individually and potential party synergies as a group.  Once classes and races have been selected, the players will propose a backstory for their characters, having been provided more background information on the world.

### Premise

 The campaign takes place in the kingdom of Calzorne, where rapidly changing technology has recently led to social unheaval and gritty power struggles.  The kingdom moves to reshape itself into the dominant military power in the region, during a time of tenuous peace with neighboring kingdoms.  Calzorne is a young nation, whose fractious city-states were brought to heel by a human conqueror two generations past.
 
 Recently the monarchy has endorsed several corporations in the burgeoning state of Plena, to bolster its war machine.  The players are a group of closet dissidents called to action by bearing witness to acts of oppression.  They are drawn to the great city of Plenaru to make their marks on the world.  During the campaign, they will overcome adversity to uncover political, historical, and arcane secrets, unraveling the machinations of those wielding power in the authoritarian regime.